#	$Id: THISDIR,v 1.8 1999/11/14 20:59:31 ooc-devel Exp $	

Browser.Mod
  Implements the symbol file browser, called from the main module.

oob.Mod
  Main module of symbol file browser.

oowhereis.Mod
  Locates given file with the help of the path information stored in
  the configuration file.  

ooef.Mod
  Filter to transform error messages emitted by oo2c into another
  format, like file:line:message or placing the error message in the
  source context.


CNScanner.Mod
  The scanner works on the lexical level of the Oberon-2 language.  
  It translates a file with source code into a list of symbols.  

CNAST.Mod
  This module defines the building blocks of an abstract syntax tree.

CNDecl.Mod
  Operating on abstract syntax trees this module provides procedures
  to access declarations and types.  It also exports functions to
  create id strings for declarations and uses of declared names (see
  CNHTML.Mod). 

CNParser.Mod
  The parser analyses the syntactical structure of an Oberon-2
  module.  It takes a list of symbols as input and returns the
  abstract syntax tree of the module.

CNSymTab.Mod
  Summarizes the declarations and type definitions of a source module
  and puts this information into the so-called "symbol table".

CNIdentifier.Mod
  This module uses the symbol table created by `CNSymTab' to link
  every identifier in the module to its declaration.

CNModuleDef.Mod
  Given a syntax tree, this module removes all statements and
  declarations that do not contribute to the module's public
  interface.  This is the source code based equivalent to the symbol
  file browser.

CNModules.Mod
  Provides procedures to
  o manage a list of modules
  o determine the file name of a module
  o extract import information from a source file
  o calculate all modules imported by a given set of modules



CNTexinfo.Mod
  Parser for embedded Texinfo commands.

CNDecoration.Mod
  Abstraction layer dealing with comment decorations.  Used to clean
  up comment strings before passing them to CNTexinfo.Parse(), and to
  recreate a comment from formatted Texinfo output.

CNScanFile.Mod
  Wrapper around the low-level scanner and the Texinfo parser.  Calls
  the parser for all comments with Texinfo commands in them, and adds
  the syntax trees to the comment tokens.

CNTextBuffer.Mod
  Implements a simple string buffer, which is used to accumulate the 
  output of CNTexi2Text, CNTexi2HTML, and so on.

CNTexi2Text.Mod
  Converts Texinfo text to plain ASCII file, similar to makeinfo.

CNTexi2HTML.Mod
  Converts Texinfo text to HTML, similar to texi2html.



CNFilter.Mod
  Removes selected kinds of symbols from the AST, like comments,
  documentation strings, pragmas, or system flags.  Also defines
  program options for the various filters.

CNOutput.Mod
  Manages output files.

CNText.Mod
  Writes plain text ASCII version of the syntax tree.

CNHTML.Mod
  Based on a module's symbol list and abstract syntax tree this module
  converts an Oberon-2 source text into a fully hyperlinked HTML
  document. 

CNXRef.Mod
  Given the results of `CNIdentifier', this module create a HTML file
  listing all uses of every declaration.  This complements the file
  generated by 'CNHTML'.

oocn.Mod
  Main module of the code navigator.  Installs program options, parsed
  the initialization file and command line, and activates all other
  modules. 
